Add 7.0.0 RC-1 and 6.3.0 release notes (#2581)
dotnet/dotnet-monitor: documentation/releaseNotes/releaseNotes.v7.0.0-rc.1.rolling.md

> Today we are releasing the official 7.0 Release Candidate of the `dotnet monitor` tool. This release includes:

Reviewer: Please rename this file to use the candidate version number: 7.0.0-rc.1.22479.8

> Today we are releasing the next official preview of the `dotnet monitor` tool. This release includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today we are releasing the official 7.0 Release Candidate of the `dotnet monitor` tool. This release includes:
```

- With this release, support for experimental features is added. Users can now enable an experimental feature through configuration flags when launching `dotnet monitor` to enable features that are still under development and not yet fully production-ready. (#2506)
- 🔬 Add collect stacks api and action (#2512, #2525)
- Avoid Kestrel address override warning (#2535)

> - Only create default diagnostic port when running in listen mode (#2523)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create default diagnostic port under default shared path when running in listen mode (#2471, #2523)
```
